Fixing #85851 Consolidated Circuit Breaker documentation to include EQL and ML Infe… (#90809)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/settings/ml-settings.asciidoc

[[model-inference-circuit-breaker]]
==== {ml-cap} circuit breaker settings

> The detailed documentation of Model Inference (ML) Circuit breaker settings can be accessed [here](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/circuit-breaker.html#model-inference-circuit-breaker).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The relevant circuit breaker settings can be found in the <<circuit-breakers-page-model-inference, Circuit Breakers page>>.
```
